hey guys Richard rich rebuilds here I
just wanted to shout out my main man
Elon Musk and the Virgin Mother Grimes
on the birth of the new child the baby
formerly known as this symbol on the
screen here Congrats to the both of them
the baby is happy and healthy every
child is a blessing them out of the name
and just think I bet you when Grimes was
in this video she never knew that in a
few short years she'd be carrying who
the Tesla fanboys refer to as the second
coming of Jesus but unfortunately with
all that Tesla knowledge the fanboys
didn't realize that Elon has several
other children so what about them anyway
I've been working on my cyber quad if
you don't know I'm making a replica of
the Tufts of cyber quad out of an
electric motorcycle so quick update I
spent two days taking apart the electric
motorcycle wanting to find out it had a
dead battery fair enough I bought
another battery which are extremely hard
to come by and while shipping it wasn't
strapped down properly fell off the
shipping pallets led them to the side of
the truck and cracked the battery so
yeah this is not good you just to say I
have to find another zero battery and
since you can't really find those it's
looking like I have to buy a whole
another bike and as of right now due to
some idiot making videos and how he put
a zero motorcycle an electric rat rod
the demand is pretty high now well
dumping thousands of dollars into a
broken quad that I found on Facebook
marketplace I had a revelation right not
everyone has the kind of money to throw
at something like this as a matter of
fact I don't have money throw it
something like this so instead of
building tussles which I admit is
getting very old let's do another Eevee
let's do an EVP the people now believe
it or not not everyone wants to drop 25
grand on a wrecked awesome model 3 some
people want to drive less or expensive
cars and at the same time won't drive a
gas car because of their religious
beliefs they want an easy first cheaply
as humanly possible but at the same time
there's still too smug to be caught into
a Nissan Leaf so I was in the hunt for
an Eevee that was dirt cheap and at the
same time not a Nissan Leaf I also
wanted something that was simple and
flew under the radar and the Tesla is
such a complex vehicle do you really
need a car that drives for you do you
need a car that knows where you are and
is recording what you're doing at any
given time do you think you know where
all the cameras on a test
are well you don't there's cameras that
you don't even know about not only that
but the car I bought doesn't have the
factory fanboy called falling at the
model three does it's a regular car that
you from point A to point B no frills
attached that no one cares about not
even General Motors cares about it I am
talking about the Chevy spark Eevee but
I think it's so cool
I bought a wrecked one for really cheap
I mean really really cheap brand-new
they were about twenty five thousand
dollars you get to use one today for
about seven thousand and I paid less
than half of that so you know what after
I got the car I called General Motors
and asked for parts and I said I owned a
Chevy spark EB and the guy goes they
made those things at electric anyways
it's quick it's light it has 400
pound-feet of torque which is more
powerful than the most of the
short-range
EVs out right now including the leaf
Fiat 500e Honda Fit Evy Focus Electric
and the e-golf so I want to give it a
try to see if I could use it as a daily
driver however I want to make it mine if
there's one thing I love it's fried
chicken so we're gonna combine my love
of fried chicken into an automobile
there's a car called the Domino's the XP
card I had a built-in oven at the side
of it they keep pizzas warm during
delivery but they were never electric
they were gas cars that went from zero
to 60 in about 11 seconds downhill with
the tailwind but what if I could combine
my love of fried food along with an
electric vehicle and have the best of
both worlds and my buddy salmon Florida
has two of these cars one that Domino's
sent him a nice legal letter and a
second one that he bought that he built
two years ago and since then as it's
been sitting there doing absolutely
nothing so I'm gonna fly down to Florida
to visit my friend Sam to try to finesse
that same spark on li the front bumper
headlights hood airbags etc and most
importantly the oven to see if I could
build an electric car with an oven and
try driving for a food livery service so
now that I'm here in Florida I'm basking
in the serenity of broken car family say
this car doesn't look done at all Sam
I'm refreshed that I am NOT constantly
interrupted by my very own annoying
screaming children reminding me why I
love after-school programs most notably
the after-school all-stars a charity as
one of the largest free comprehensive
after-school programs in the US whose
goal is to keep children safe and help
them succeed in school I
which is far better than I could do
during all the current school closures
of providing food assistance and
creating virtual programs focused on
physical and emotional well-being which
again is far better than I could do and
why I want to bring attention to them
because there are three maybe four
people that think uncle rich is actually
kind of cool and can teach some of you
people omae's actually wanted to team up
with me again and they are the peeps
responsible for contributing to the
after-school all-stars who support
students in 60 cities across the country
in their network so being amazed the
charity with the snack they have a
fabulous bonus car that I picked out
myself that's right
with your donation they will enter you
for a chance to win the fastest
accelerating and safest SUV ever built
which who knows my favorite the Tesla
Model X P 100 D and a whole twenty
thousand dollars cash which you will
immediately send back to Tesla for a
falcon dueling alignment so for your
chance to win a Tesla Model X
performance and twenty thousand dollars
and support a great cause
enter at wwm am rich shoutout to omae's
for sponsoring this episode and helping
the kids learn better things than
welding flip-flops so since you are now
be the new owner of a warming oven door
that's going to go into the electric car
I can't wait
really yeah I can't wait all right send
power to the car and since you are being
bestowed the honor of a warming oven
door that's gonna go into the electric
spark I gotta show you how it works
there's two buttons we're gonna transfer
both of them into the car one of them is
located inside here yeah okay so you can
press that and it will open but the one
that you're gonna want to use the most
is the one that's on the remote and so
you press the button and this one is a
little sticky we'll put a little bit of
grease in yeah just pop it right open
that opens like that and then the cool
thing is that led look at that LEDs
chintzy LED strips mono zone in it and
it lights up when all this so if you
click this back closed yeah you'll see
it shuts the light off ah good genius
who knew and then pops it back open okay
so this is a really interesting design
because this is the heating pad but yet
they just have sticky tape just cat
really here so this was never guaranteed
to stay there for very long I've taken
this frame out before with just this
this is what I was talking about right
here did they cut into the door at all
or no they took the factory door as far
as I can tell and they just added see
this like gasketed surround that all
they did okay and so we're gonna figure
out obviously the door attaches normally
right here
but is it latched in on the other side
and how do we get into the active so we
could start by just kind of probably
pulling the box to make it easier to get
access to the inside and figure out
what's going on all you know what you're
gonna put in there you know damn well I
hear the chickens rich - yeah a fight no
I don't hear I'm fighting here Oh what
that sounds like all on to me gotta go
find those chickens oh is the new one
just hanging out hey let's see if she
lets us a powder chicky hey chickie hey
chick chick chick chick come here let's
see no that doesn't work very well
all right back to work never walk away
more work gets done that's
[Music]
how come and your videos all I see
is like power tools doing this way I'm
making you actually this is why my
project takes so long I gotta see what's
in that box and curious yeah is that the
heating is that the air control for the
heating element at the controller for
the you know what I don't know but I
would say probably controls the actuator
I think there is a little module that
goes along with it I think you can felt
like sauce and you can put stuff and
those just more storage for pizza stuff
which could be like did you imagine it
filling those up with potato salad and
like mac and cheese and stuff yeah just
it's hooked up with something here let's
see we tilt it and so that way you can
see better what's going on every time
you say that rich oh just just turns and
then pops out you think oh yeah dad goes
into the floor - there is no power
actually this cartridge where I took the
battery out good so you're good and
there's another one
is there another connector here I can't
see that so I've taken just the actual
door off before but I've never taken
when I say door just the door that pops
open to get into the warming oven here
I've never taken the entire door off of
this car if we can leave everything
intact I'll make our lives a whole lot
easier and maybe it's just a direct door
swap I don't know but I want to do right
now is pull the trim here all right and
so that doesn't show us much but
electronics behind here a couple wasps -
OH
echo they alive a little bit
ha ha this is a golden moment right here
this has never been looking at get in
there I think it knows it's like wait a
minute that doesn't seem right
no what a weird thing as a matter of
fact no joke I think the temperature
that this gets would be probably perfect
if you're trying to incubate baby chicks
right so it's not like it's gonna get
hot enough to roast a chicken oh wait a
minute Sam we're in luck look at this
what they left the manual pull there
that's got to be it
oh they did check that out pretty cool
so so technically I could pull this and
1/2 the door is gonna pop and then the
other ones still bolted in so let's
unbolt it on the one side let's see if
it opens dude this is we're gonna have
this converted rich in a matter of about
34 minutes watch this picture doesn't
fall out right already but I don't know
oh look there it is look there's door oh
gosh that is super cool yeah yeah hot
pizza there it is yes that's the switch
right there yep and so you can actually
take that piece of trim that you're
about to destroy and transfer it into
the well as long as it's the say yeah it
would be because they just drilled a
hole in here see if I'm disturbed
where's the ants nest
oh my gosh rich or those ants couple of
billion s walk we're gonna take care of
that right now where it's not a nest is
just some ants they found a nice warm
place to live where is the ants nest
where is it
well I oh they're done here yeah just
it's kind of got a nice sweet smell this
stuff we can't from your car yeah I keep
I keep it in my Porsche
just you never know when you're gonna
need aunt roach and spider killer never
do you need some more spray no I mean
they're sugar ants rich they're not like
fire ants my neck hurry up our horn honk
trying to get this thing out man it's on
your neck yeah oh my gosh rich yeah
check it out there glows you like you
and I see I'm like best friends look at
that rich you know what you could see
the spirits even of the gray one when we
got our home the comb to comb that red
piece on top for a head yeah
if you tell a lot about a chicken by the
comb comics and read it is what does
that mean that means she's happy she's
healthy yeah when the colon gets dull
colored and the chickens kind of like in
the corner that means she's sick
oh there's a deer back there so hear me
OK
because you know we had to buy chicken
because we had a predator so anyway she
doing good she looks good she was happy
how my thing is she still isn't like if
I can't touch her what will you came in
at a pretty sharp angle very quickly
yeah I did
I'll leave him alone yep best buds rich
like like you and Elon Elon and I
someday so
right here I found where it runs to that
wiring harness goes right to this fuse
box plugs in right there
secondary wire plugs in the fuse box so
what these are all set I'm gonna pull
these out and that's gone but the
secondary wire runs up the pillar right
here remember you were complaining about
there being no headliner and I water and
stuff but that made our lives quite a
bit easier and that's why I did this
which I had a vision for this car you
got the vision I got a coffin right
there you got the vision yeah so what
Richard son hook there that runs through
there in the roof to this thing right
here and that essentially is powering
the topper that lights up so that whole
entire apparatus lights up this car did
not come with one rich you cannot have
that unfortunately what the topper well
that's that's what makes my car my car
you know that's not your car you don't
own that time I can't talk about it
there's a steak knives an appropriate
tool so if you guys don't all know who
Stephen is Stephen is he's basically
like when you're watching these rebuild
channels where there's two guys and one
of the two guys does all the legwork
that's that's who he is like rich is the
face of the operation Stephen is the guy
that does all the work pretty much look
at this rich knows what he's doing when
it comes to electrical
over time guys just make sure if you're
ever attempting DIY stuff because I
really want you to attempt DIY stuff
make sure if you're doing anything
electrical no battery see there's no
battery in this car and rich is gonna
show us on the electric one exactly what
you're gonna want to pull out to make
sure that that doesn't cause any issues
call the firemen safety loop right right
right taught me that on the Tesla right
after you cut it with a was that angle
grinders remember that could see the
sticker
this vehicle was altered by Roush
industries 915 will make a new one call
this was altered by it's still 50 bucks
on let's get the ant spray watch your
hands lift that up for me rich geez
Louise
am I getting your other door no you're
gonna take that door I take the door
listen Stephen I can't be cursin kids
can't see that take that out it's a
family can it really is
I don't ever curse to my videos you
don't should be pretty easy I think
there's yep little hole there awesome
well access hole push it shimmy it and
then it should go half yeah yeah so when
I took it off of that car over there
same exact two airbags blew my terminals
were melted on the back so I had to pull
the entire entire steering wheel off
which required a steering wheel puller
how's it look now it looks pretty good
Oh awesome
these were melted on so in this case
we'll just have to pull it put the new
bag on make things a lot easier because
I think I rented those tools man
oh wait no these are melted no are they
melted yeah a little bit see if they'll
prior know if they're melted at all we
got to replace the harness yeah which
means we got to pull this steering wheel
I get that yeah yeah it's melted that's
melting on there pretty good
they got me see it zoom in a little bit
it's melt all around the base right
there yeah damn it all right I noticed
that these front bumpers are very
different very extremely it has the same
intakes right here and at the side
that's the same shape but unfortunately
there's mounting points for these valves
these air valves are open and closed and
there's no mounting points on top
there's melting points on top here but
there's no mounting points on the top
here so just by the right bumper
no no that's or the right answer it's
what I would do it's not the right
answer
I'm gonna use the incorrect bumper what
I'm gonna do right tool and I'm gonna
break these mounting points right here
here yeah we get it there's four on the
top and there's four on the bottom yeah
I got it
[Music]
I'm actually filming Sam do work this is
a this is a rare look at that oh he
doesn't have the forearm strength oh you
got it I've done this a time or two on
one of these seriously
[Music]
no we did find a kink line down here a
crack line I should say but otherwise
past that again like most other
front-end cars that I like to buy it's
decent some crack plastics here and
there but nothing that looks like it you
know took out any major lines Richard
should I be touching this orange stuff
okay you can but I won't
okay that sounds reassuring let's see
what we have here all right we have a
coolant pump right here and we have a
secondary coolant pump in the rear looks
like this is the AC compressor and this
is the the ABS module and the electric
motor is that that big yeah that's the
big box in the back and you can see the
shifter cables right here you see when
you shift right on top of a normal car
with the transmission those are the
cables that may go into forward and
reverse and up here's the inverters and
get a charging infrastructure
I guess this is what rich considers
rebuilt we've got three zip ties on that
oh look one zip tie holding the hood
yeah that's loose another three zip ties
here that should be pretty good right
and let's see what the inside looks like
oh there's where all the parts went just
all stopped well to give rich a little
break this is a pizza oven car and that
does take up a lot of space all right oh
but there's no roll in the seat back hey
Richard welcome for having me get this
car running I know you would never be
able to figure that out
so there's some really interesting
whining noises coming out of the front
there but it does ride pretty smooth
otherwise Wow
rich is this normal I've only got
another ten miles to go so hopefully it
makes it there shoot proportion what
does this a propulsion power is reduced
well that can't be good
and it legitimately smells like
something's burning and there's
definitely no pizza in that oven Oh
oh it is it's dead I'm put my foot to
the floor and it is just creeping at
this point yep
we're we're toast luckily we're in the
parking lot right here is where this
baby is being parked
well boys and girls I hope you enjoyed
this episode Sam drove the car without
any cooling to be picked up so I'm
pretty sure it said at this point he
created a lot more work for me but the
car is on the trailer head to me right
now so if you haven't already check out
Sam crack on his YouTube channel in the
link in the description box below and
the next episode I'm actually waiting
for a wreck zere motorcycle for my quad
but in that meantime I'm actually gonna
learn a new skill that's right painting
I'm gonna learn how to paint this new
car I picked up I'll be busy paying the
body panels on the pizza car who knows
what's gonna happen maybe I'll do it in
flip-flops check me out on instagram at
ritchie be kid and i'll see you all soon